{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13040\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ***************ReadMe*******************\
\
This web application is a Japanese restaurant that features a home page, menu page, order page, contact page, about page, and a review page.  The front-end was created with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap and is a fully-responsive site.  The back-end was created using Java, Spring Boot, and SQL.  There are also JUnit tests for a few of the methods.  Animations and clip art are used on the home page to give it its unique design. The footer of each page contains a Japanese proverb related to food.  On the menu page, Bootstrap cards are used to display the menu items and their prices.  A shadow effect was used to make the items appear to lift off the page when they are hovered over.  For the order page, there is a login that has form validation and displays a message depending on whether the user entered the appropriated credentials or not.  If someone is not registered they can click the \'93Not registered yet\'94 link on the form which takes them to a registration page.  This page also uses form validation to ensure that information is entered correctly and the user is not already registered before saving the information in the database.  Spring security is also used for form validation and to store passwords in an encrypted format using bCrypt.  When the user logs in with the correct credentials they are taken to the ordering page which displays a message \'93Welcome\'94 and the user\'92s name along with a logout button which allows them to log out. Below this is the menu with add and remove buttons for each item to add and remove them from the shopping cart displayed on the right.  The shopping cart is displayed using Javascript and AJAX is used to connect the front-end with the backend.  The total price updates as the user adds items or deletes items and the tax is added to display the total.  When the user is finished placing the order they can press the \'93Place order\'94 button which displays a message below the button depending on whether the order is placed correctly or not.  On the contact page, the user can fill out inquiry information which is validated with Spring annotations such as @NotEmpty and regex patterns.  The about page contains information about the restaurant and a carousel which cycles through different images every 5 seconds.  The reviews page allows anyone to see all reviews if not logged in, and if logged in they can see their own reviews as well as all reviews, and can update or delete their own reviews.  }